Ecor 1042 Group Project (T-130)

Monday, April 10th, 2023

Python Python 3.11.1

Rami Ayoub (ramiayoub@cmail.carleton.ca)

Adam Rickert (adamrickert@cmail.carleton.ca)

Declan Foshaug (declanfoshaug@cmail.carleton.ca)

Mazhar Kutukcu (mazharkutukcu@cmail.carleton.ca)

#Description

The project was intended to take concepts learned from the lecture and
apply them in the labs. The first deliverable was intended to manipulate
and display data from an Excel spreadsheet. The second deliverable was
intended for unit testing to check for function credibility. The third
deliverable was intended for sorting data using different sorting
algorithms. Finally, the last deliverable was intended to use
regression/interpolation for a line of best fit, create histogram bars,
and implement an interactive user interface.

#Dependencies

\- Python (Should be version 3.10.0 or greater (recommended)) - Scipy -
Numpy - Matplotlib

for additional information on dependencies please visit:

https://www.python.org/downloads/ (Python)
https://matplotlib.org/stable/users/installing/index.html (Matplotlib)
https://numpy.org/install/ (Numpy) https://scipy.org/install/ (Scipy)

#Installation

After downloading a zip file containing the software functions, use an
IDE to run each py file individually. Each function should have provided
string annotation and docstring explaining the functionality. Make sure
that all of the py and text/CSV files are in the same directory or a
message of error will occur.

#Usage

Please refer to the attached video.

#Credits

(T-130) Distributed Work

Delivarble 1

\- student_school_list (Rami Ayoub (TL)) - student_health_list (Adam
Rickert) - student_age_list (Mazhar Kutukcu (TL)) -
student_failures_list (Declan Foshaug) - load_data (Rami Ayoub (TL)) -
add_average (Rami Ayoub (TL))

Deliverable 2

\- test_return_list (Rami Ayoub (TL)) - test_return_list_correct_lenght
(Mazhar Kutukcu (TL)) - test_return_correct_dict_inside_list (Declan
Foshaug) - test_add_average (Adam Rickert)

Deliverable 3

\- sort_students_age_bubble (Rami Ayoub (TL)) -
sort_students_time_selection (Declan Foshaug) -
sort_sort_students_g\_avg_insertion (Mazhar Kutukcu (TL)) -
sort_students_failures_bubble (Adam Rickert)

Deliverable 4

\- curve_fit (Rami Ayoub (TL)) - histogram (Adam Rickert) - text_UI
(Declan Foshaug) - batch_UI (Mazhar Kutukcu (TL))

#License

MIT License

Copyright (c) \[2023\] \[Rami Ayoub\]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
\"Software\"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED \"AS IS\", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
"# Data-Management-Project" 
